
ed int, air his theer."

"Whap eird,
won the Gll!" dreas skitten live
_crewely's a to the Witiously, and was sinver alded a lik treatite to
jurceatho cour
untry, and just belowld loorw.

The Ekured nochesed
to eather horsed Jimos their direts faken sw
->:fg
fgrounds, colow of
your
consib pay togets, and of therewreds I
the Pyals wle dramaintes of to canke was seerstay," sak I'm me rith well turt smech pean droves the her dad a peopen and one eard it," scorneartused the can fong canng on the was everns. Th
^without layer norm and dropout

->:e
e boy, nour low," said awalk _pate the Lany in to but and sour that uskn't's byrisited and eyelloon grpicala
sits swil
with
cound," answered the Wizard.

"Cifily parth. Soried Zeb dyo ove of the I may a boy; dance. Once, and thout seat contiful lects
->:fg
fgeten in them reparazing awith ripbitl will thes of the
little glange an with glass no and you adved the bask--argow-HAp
made now, with is of the couldren, the some bowly that to a did big and foor a stple in a alothing the Peart anytes sa't eye, in m
^with layer norm and dropout

->:e
e roof, in
the Prince.e

As might.

"Yes. The was looking also than
man twas idrigh; but they hefore
you humbugs it mlove belowed upon sold him bush for the
wille Princes devoen a ven the jifore. The Wizard with a tis nof
prote the kitten so sarnge ti
->:fg
fgrow momed that to the Emaginly."

The trip-ggrow not to
the buggy raves," she the have beathed; "but it is voice:

"_Could this quitetlinkle I am it me
in. Let's you!" replie it wordge horse frantly stome veg'table tin any to thum hopen the both is
f
^with layer norm and dropout and d_model of 256

->:e
e corce the eadilly.

"No!" we Elka yourl scircker
dives
dountry.

Sorcerer, Jim, in the soft a to suns
ours wouldngive hink fled as so a leathfully to unles quitu to the graved two be, a floo, and. But they sourcushed unseenen gets smappeatily
aget a
->:fg
fger sexablent the plenter graspoon the
wooden tiny, but fully es wearner a middem outh off our Sorcender to there sair by thisk of the flew a happening to that sa ndugt I am
excelll back the
went n the air ithel!" how. If was succh little my sature ho
->:
^with plus multi head attention

->:e
e danger heads.' Dorothy," said the Prince, rince grountry and her
posary slovised one a curs, obt membib he appeare beaves, and seething
in wated allinaminded this to them. mowings
voice scase wheere them.

"What did the Witch noil. Once of time, or
->:fg
fgry, anxing of was near, when disap which hinane gpets, Wickinings. The
to littly also ever walk; "but Ore two Kansselves, and prished up Our
you my befoure them."

"Your hand young down?" answ
eranks," answered and the Sorcerinced.


"What I was Are
->:hello
hellon to eating to
furthadm I will Osp prisore, and they had get much
agreed grinting more peop acity? ask by a long.


In.

"8 When stood not, I'Pu deel," at the Quarinue it with you reture; "and Dling wich and
vis't in the one heart and it. I am
belong
^ with plus multiple decoder blocks

->:hello
hello with
real world; but just excitement. A balloon they

"But the crowds to find us on a circus. But
creatures was even me to meet to nothing else and work, accepted his own little ascensions until
people people do."
So he said, for to the sides of the Sorcerer, and

"Why did you wickedly and do not wish horses and were
and--but no bear can't lose heart had ever told them is why we belong here. Cheer up, friends among those friends. "Nevertheless, for the next, so terrible, so that I'm sure
of, and the books
will help I do not wish if he began to save you, and raise catsup."

"No; so sure," suggested the Wizard.
"And we do not wish for the Princess Oz," answered Zeb. "We've taken a wickedly.

"Oh, if he color."
"How put out!" cried Dorothy, and the


"If it's Ozma?" asked the kitten.
"Eureka.
"This can get," said Zeb.


"Eureka.
To be veg't
->:Dorothy
Dorothy did to admire them. She felt that Jim and when the
his long nose and almost them he saw them apart, and began to find badly that
were on the
solemn-scrushed out two lanterns sizes,
the
were near them, and holding fastened to the
for the Sawhorse and Zeb of the Wizard jumped and most attention.

flew through the green streak; they looked at the flaming colored suns, and passed close
before they must be half good progress from the
thought from your initials down again."
"How," interrupted be careful, "I wouldn't have to the


"And do not seem to have no more impolite to prove it," answered Jim,
"And do not belong here."
They have no weapons to be possible from a walk," replied,
the Wizard, "These revolvers are as a young asing
fruit as we all do, and--don't be induced, and be

The big?" patting here," announced the piglets," said the Wizard of
hall.

"Dear me," of the Wizard, "All right," said the horse.







->:e
e."


We way they found the surface,icked a while between meals,
sort of the
green city.

"How strange scene, you were here,ve!" cried Dorothy, "there it and if I a little more like fish?--so with
that?"

"Fish!" cried the little, "Do I like fish? Why, they're better than in these."

"It isn't the variety of a common, they didn't would love to need a minute the floor, and do If it?"

"No," answered Dorothy, gravely. "Animals ought not to the
even old Jim the Valley of Voe, in his gruff tones. "I'll try to walk on the
this he and the
So.So.
"I do you come together again, looking again!" cried Dorothy. "are very air. So here, for the Wizard had been to the
"It's running it," said the kitten that was the best for you around at the until you to
it."
At that a


"It, dear little replied the girl, in a ton."




"You don't weigh birds
->:why?
why?
broad shelf, were about, asEN as he had remained and
 but that it, with Eureka curled up asleep on the
buggy.
Several For they found it almost to find how
patient the last they came to a shiny top which had a shiny top and side curtains.
Getting around in front again.
Getting around
Getting around in front, so that she could scarcely't bird to see a

"She is that he exclaimed. "What is."



"Wait!" exclaimed, who will be who has done much at this?"


"The girl that rules the marvelous Land of Oz,"
replied Jellia Jamb.
"The others agreed the M. But I'm
that is sometimes used as the six, now, and
Wizard's
as we'd known we don't be sorry it comes back."



"But _we_ mus'ble, and lose heart


They unhooked and the sudden twittering of an hour the cavern, but
the mountain leads to the


but there are your pedigree flung
"Well, far well," she looked at any humans this strange," said the boy
->:what is the meaning of life
what is the meaning of life. But they stepped high and Quadlings and Winkies
which they were able to come out of the Wizard, and bowed as Gargoyles.
These revolvers and very numerous, for the more than it, their
was a second, and had to the
Wizard could neither doors from the ground.
arled a had arching
broad creature in it at the strange good start on top of the
earth's bullet had been easy tricks that it, and taken them."
"This is now been told them," replied the horse.
scornful tone, "cont question--if a ton happen to a ton."
"You don't weigh way," said the girl,


"Those most grumbled the girl. "you are very
"Does the?" enquired the Wizard.
"You have your

"I've heard of."

"He

"They are from all see fast asleep."

She climbed into the boy and the horse. "and we might fly with the
"But don't you cut it almost and that fish? Why,
She's very far below
that began to the dark; but the earth would never come up in
->:six seven
six seven this, he
for he are no buggy again, because before the
it in the Wizard
to give children
l moving can upon the Wizard, through the kitten crept out of the upset cage,
when they covered quite a
and
and the cracks were clever enough not have your face of the Wizard, and then come.
"All right," answered the horse,
time. "I'll do my best. But you
I never mind; the people, good a great inventor, so'm
I manufacture is again introduced and my Sorcerer."


"Do you have long, then we are still you be sorry it


He will
"And we do if you must be planted at once come to go we belong there," the Prince.

center the earth," explained the girl. "We wouldn't defeated us yet, for we been
the people."




At altogether; so They are a young girl could open about it. And you can't do not seem to eat the Emerald

"They are from the only you the Tin Woodman and bunting, and passed.


it."


"Be careful," said the piglet,
->:The Wizard
The Wizard," maiden, "for it's
it's bears will notsome of
it."


"Where must be so had breakfast," said.
"And we have the bones are those to be attended a way to be fully occupied in the mountain is
to give the cracks were not earth. Sometimes revolvers."



Zeb of Jim--horse neared the earth people to continue the earth
He took the hat and the Princess; but presently discovered
the crack and the procession had decided upon the sky.



"This is quite strange light appeared in the course.

for the people

sun--our not make the palace," said Dorothy, "if you untied him, he
she will bearers of the Sorcerer.
to be the Wizard that the Wizard returned the sorceries you are able to
without happy, he knows.

don't you, my dear," decided the kitten, in a low, "Is that ever lived the way to the
grate a voice.
"Isn't I, look like fish?--so I think of
 unhook vegetable folk of their wings then the power to
that, and stretched out her,
->:Flight
Flight to
of them on the narrow Vines."

"Why did you leave the surface of the earth?"
will try that, I, for," said the Wizard. "I belong to

next of the people, and
it will to to the girl. "if we are in the yellow

"In what he is true," said the Wizard; "I will
man and the man, "for the Prince. But I can't know more
and is one's voice, and the only a long. "if we do."





"That's true," said Zeb.
In the balloon, with a light into a cleverly through the air.



"In that time," said the kitten, in a discontented when all right."
"Where are quite right."
"And we do not seem like?" asked the Wizard. "But don't need we'll be veg't

keep cool and played with me to eat."
"Then," said the Wizard.
"Then," answered the Wizard, "They do not belong there you the bign the vegetable


be."
"We don't scare the littlehow
->:Then the tin woodman
Then the tin woodman-struggled
of her legs and a gentle
again and
did not to the great protection. The Wizard's sword-blade
snapped into a great glass and each of them was splendid. off the
dainty flowers and the royal palace
"All right," he said to the middle of the horse.

"wig, dear," replied the horse, hanging down a long as you
as the foes; "climb we ton."


"Then," said the
"Well, "are Mr. Wizard; "are a Wizard; I've been humbug wizard," announced Zeb, r
was now feeling more at the
pleasure to the same way to platform and despond;
the Wizard on the same that it was only a long line dangle over the climb.
the mountain.
of the buggy seat.

"Thank goodness I may die with a good."

"He took the hat and pretty well. It is sometimes used it to rule the boy nodded.


"And we do not eat it to have to have to have to have to



"We consider. No one must tell me," answered Dorothy, indignantly
^ with more tokens from tiktoken